v1.1.0 Changelogs
===
## Options Page
Added an ACF Options pages, allowing for some **reusable** elements across sites.

### Theme Settings
* Admin Functionality - site comments, file editor, custom fields.
* Libraries - slick slider, font awesome, AOS, hover CSS.
* Custom Post Types - testimonials, projects, team members.

### Company Info
* Contact Information - phone numbers and emails.
* Location(s) - addresses.
* Brands - brands that have icons on Font Awesome. I'll add more if it seems necessary.

## Files
Files created, removed, or updated within the template.

### Files Added
* **inc/options.php** - configures the options page, adding the Theme Settings and Company Info pages on the WordPress backend.
* **inc/configurables.php** - adds the toggleable ACF fields that tie into the actual options on the Theme Settings and Company Info pages. The file is commented to display what each tab on the page holds.

### Files Removed
* **partials/client-colors.php** - not necessary anymore.
* **partials/reusable-parts.php** - replaced by the options page.
* **partials/simple-paragraph.php** - re-working the ACF field so it's being removed for now.
* **partials/style.php** - re-working how this works in future versions utilizing the ACF Options pages.

### Files Edited
* **functions.php** - stripped the CPTs as well as the enqueues for Font Awesome and Slick and added them to the configurables.php file. Also removed the Reusable Parts custom post type.
* **partials/custom-footer.php** - removed code on this file to avoid extra white space when not in use.
* **js/scripts.js** - removed the code for a long ago built logo slider that was left on the template after testing.
* **screenshot.png** - updated this to include the WebTegrity logo in the screenshot.

## Plugins
Plugins added or removed from the template.

### Plugins Added
* [What the File](https://wordpress.org/plugins/what-the-file/) by [Never5](https://www.never5.com/) - this is a great plugin that helps guide developers on what files are being used on the page.

### Plugins Removed
* Yoast SEO - it can be added per site but doesn't need to be on there if it's not being used.

## ACF
Custom Fields added or removed from the template.

### Fields Added
* Company Info - general fields that _should_ apply to most customers we have.
* Site Settings - general fields that _should_ apply to most customers we have.

### Fields Removed
* Client Colors
* Custom Footer
* Partials