v1.2.1 Changelogs
===
## Files
Files added, removed, or edited.

### Files Added
* **settings-clone.php** - previously styles.php.

### Files Removed
* **screenshot.afdesign** - leftover from child theme.

### Files Edited
* **styles.php** - changed file name to 'settings-clone.php' to better match the use case of that ACF clone. Included the addition of the section_target custom field.
* **base.css** - added smooth scroll behavior to html tag to enable smooth scrolling across the site (line 1312).
* **page-builder.php** - removed the reference to outdated styles.php file that was removed a few versions ago.
* **scripts.js** - updated YouTube 'smart' embed to utilize the maxres screenshot when replacing the iFrame on page load (line 16). API reference for this change can be found [here](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/thumbnails).
* **shortcodes.php** - switched from using all the settings-clone.php code on that page, to instead pull the template part for that reference file. This will help remove redundancy when updating the parent settings clone.


## Plugins
Plugins added, removed, updated, or edited.

## Plugins Added
* **Classic Editor** - added to fix the issue of not being able to name pages when creating a new one or updating a previous one on Gutenburg.

## Plugins Edited
* **Compress JPEG & PNG images** - disabled option to automatically resize images to 1920x1080 to avoid issues with images that need to be a different size width or height.

### Plugins Updated
* **ACF Theme Code PRO** - added license for plugin purchased on June 6th, 2019. Update plugin to version 2.4.0 from 2.3.0.
* **Advanced Custom Fields PRO** - updated plugin to version 5.8.1 from 5.8.0.
* **All-in-One WP Migration** - updated plugin to version 6.97 from 6.96.
* **GP Premium** - updated plugin to version 1.8.3 from 1.8.2.


## ACF
Fields added, removed, or edited.

### Fields Edited
* **Settings** - this was originally labeled 'Styles' but I updated it to 'Settings' to make more sense in the context of what it was doing. Added Section Attributes tab including Section Target field for linking to each section through anchor tags.


## Miscellaneous
Other things added, removed, or edited that aren't under the umbrella of ACF, Plugins, or Files.

### Theme Settings
* **Admin Functionality** - toggled Site Comments to be enabled by default.
* **Libraries** - toggled Font Awesome to be disabled by default.