v1.2.0 Changelogs
===
## Files
Files added, removed, or edited.

### Files Added
* **references/styles.php** - reference for the Style ACF clone that can be used to copy and paste into every page template when needed.
* **css/masonry.css** - added the masonry styles for one through eight columns and created scaling as well for the columns.
* **js/masonry-init.js** - added the script to init masonry for each time the '.masonry-grid' class is used.

### Files Edited
* **css/base.css** - updated the 'Background Images' section to include classes for all the relevant background properties needed from the Style ACF field. Also added display grid properties with mobile resonsiveness.
* **functions.php** - commented out user enumeration code until I can find a solution that doesn't display an error in the console when viewing the WP backend. Moved code for options page and inclusion of configurables.php to bottom of the file.
* **configurables.php** - added Masonry JS toggle to reflect from the Options page and enqueued the base masonry.js files from the CDN. Custom files were enqueued in the header and footer as needed.


## Plugins
Plugins added, removed, updated, or edited.

### Plugins Updated
* **All-in-One WP Migration** - Updated to version 6.96
* **All-in-One WP Migration Unlimited Extension** - Updated to version 2.30


## ACF
Fields added, removed, or edited.

### Fields Added
* **Styles** - used as a clone template for adding background and responsive styles to Flexible Content Fields.
* **Site Settings** - added inclusion for Masonry JS assets to be enqueued on the site.