v1.x.x Changelogs
===
## Files
Files added, removed, or edited.

### Files Added

### Files Removed

### Files Edited
* **base.css** - Added smooth scrolling attribute. Updated display grid classes to function better - converted auto attribute for grid-template-columns to repeating percentages. Added two new line height classes for more options. Added full width/height classes to be used primary for images. Added View Height options for matching height to a percentage of the screen. Used for more responsive full-page items. Added invisible class for setting the visibility property to hidden. Updated Responsive Type Scale to include more options. Added overflow-x property and set it to hidden to fix x-axis scroll. Included paragraph tags to be stripped of all default styling done through GeneratePress.
* **options.php** - Added the Styles and Scripts page. This will be used to add specific styles to the header and footer globally, as well as template specific scripts such as landing page or flexible content templates (line 18).


## Plugins
Plugins added, removed, updated, or edited.

### Plugins Updated
* **Advanced Custom Fields PRO** - updated plugin to version 5.8.3 from 5.8.1
* **All-in-One WP Migration** - updated plugin to version 7.4 from 6.97
* **All-in-One WP Migration Unlimited Extension** - updated plugin to version 2.31 from 2.30


## ACF
Fields added, removed, or edited.

### Fields Added

### Fields Removed

### Fields Edited


## Miscellaneous
Other things added, removed, or edited that aren't under the umbrella of ACF, Plugins, or Files.